Recording stream option with eventhandler for LinearPCM (#160)
jfversluis/Plugin.Maui.Audio: docs/audio-streamer.md

# Stream audio

> The `AudioStreamer` class provides you with the ability to stream audio from a microphone in your .NET MAUI application through an eventhandler. The `AudioStreamer` works pretty much the same as the recorder `AudioRecorder`, except that it provides raw audio data instead of a file. In order to create an `AudioStreamer` instance you can make use of the `CreateStreamer` method on the [`AudioManager`](../readme.md#audiomanager) class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `AudioStreamer` class provides you with the ability to stream audio from a microphone in your .NET MAUI application through an event handler. The `AudioStreamer` works pretty much the same as the recorder `AudioRecorder`, except that it provides raw audio data instead of a file. In order to create an `AudioStreamer` instance you can make use of the `CreateStreamer` method on the [`AudioManager`](../readme.md#audiomanager) class.
```

> [!NOTE]
> If you want to stream in the background on iOS, you will need to add a key to the `Info.plist` file like show below.
> `<key>UIBackgroundModes</key>`
> `<array>`
> `  <string>audio</string>`
> `</array>`

```csharp
public class AudioStreamerViewModel
{
    readonly IAudioManager audioManager;
    readonly IAudioStreamer audioStreamer;

    public AudioStreamerViewModel(IAudioManager audioManager)
    {
        this.audioManager = audioManager;
        this.audioStreamer = audioManager.CreateStreamer();
        this.audioStreamer.OnAudioCaptured += OnAudioStreamerCapturedData;
    }

    public async Task StartStreaming()
    {
        await this.sudioStreamer.StartAsync();
    }

    public async Task StopStreaming()
    {

>         await this.AudioStreamer.StopAsync();

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        await audioStreamer.StopAsync();
```

The following example shows how to set streaming settings of audio:

```csharp
audioManager.CreateStreamer();
audioStreamer.Options.Channels = ChannelType.Mono;
audioStreamer.Options.BitDepth = BitDepth.Pcm16bit;
audioStreamer.Options.SampleRate = 441000;
```

> [!NOTE]  
> Each platform has its own limitations and capabilities. Like for Android its recommended to use a sample rate of 44100 Hz, for iOS and macOS 48000 Hz is recommended.

### Configure streaming options for whole app

In the app builder your can set the streaming options for the whole app: 

```csharp
builder.UseMauiApp<App>()
       .AddAudio(
         streamerOptions =>
         {
#if IOS || MACCATALYST
             recordingOptions.SampleRate = 44800;             
             streamerOptions.Category = AVFoundation.AVAudioSessionCategory.Record;
             streamerOptions.Mode = AVFoundation.AVAudioSessionMode.Default;
             streamerOptions.CategoryOptions = VFoundation.AVAudioSessionCategoryOptions.MixWithOthers;

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

#endif
         })....
```

> [!NOTE]  

> > Currently iOS and macOS have extra options to be customized

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Currently only iOS and macOS have extra options that can be customized
```
